README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

docs: add README file with project overview

README.md, after:

# Sneakers Product Page

This project is a solution to the [Frontend Mentor challenge](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/ecommerce-product-page-UPsZ9MJp6) for building an E-commerce Product Page. The project is built using modern web technologies and aims to provide a responsive and interactive product page with features like image galleries, product selection, and a shopping cart.

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)


## Overview

This E-commerce Product Page is designed to offer a seamless user experience for browsing and purchasing a product. The page includes an image gallery with lightbox functionality, a quantity selector, and an "Add to Cart" feature.

## Features
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop views
- Interactive image gallery with lightbox functionality
- Quantity selector with validation
- Add to cart functionality with real-time updates
- Integration with a mock API for product data

## Technologies Used

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **TypeScript**: A typed superset of JavaScript that adds static types to the language.
- **Vite**: A fast build tool and development server for modern web projects.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling.
- **Sass**: A preprocessor scripting language that is interpreted or compiled into CSS.
- **React Router**: A library for routing in React applications.
- **Framer Motion**: A library for creating animations in React applications.
- **Axios**: A promise-based HTTP client for making API requests.
- **ESLint**: A tool for identifying and fixing linting issues in JavaScript/TypeScript code.
- **Prettier**: An opinionated code formatter.
